Add caveat for --priority flag (#2900)
buildkite/docs: pages/agent/v3/prioritization.md

env BUILDKITE_AGENT_PRIORITY=9 buildkite-agent start
```

> 📘

> > Using the `--priority` flag requires agent 3.65.0 or higher.

Reviewer: Nitpicks: We normally include "v" for version before the number, and use "later":

```suggestion
> Using the `--priority` flag requires agent v3.65.0 or later.
```
